[Term entry] Pillow library method: .Transpose() (#4756)
Codecademy/docs: content/pillow/concepts/image/terms/transpose/transpose.md

> ---
> Title: '.transpose()'
> Description: 'Method in the Pillow library used to flip or rotate an image.'
> Subjects:
>   - 'Code foundation'
>   - 'Computer science'
> Tags:
>   - 'Methods'
>   - 'Functions'
>   - 'Libraries'
>   - 'Pillow'
> CatalogContent:
>   - 'learn-Python-3'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'
>   - 'paths/data-science'
>   - 'paths/data-science-foundations'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: '.transpose()'
Description: 'Flips or rotates an image according to the specified operation.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code foundations'
  - 'Computer science'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Pillow'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
  - 'paths/data-science'
  - 'paths/data-science-foundations'
```

Reviewer: The description should always start with a verb, and two tags are enough.

---

> The **.transpose()** method is used to flip or rotate an image in 90-degree steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Pillow, The **`.transpose()`** method is used to flip or rotate an image in 90-degree steps.
```

Reviewer: An inline code needs to be inclosed within backticks always (` code `)

## Syntax

```pseudo
Image.transpose(method)

# Where possible values of the method are

PIL.Image.FLIP_LEFT_RIGHT
PIL.Image.FLIP_TOP_BOTTOM
PIL.Image.ROTATE_90
PIL.Image.ROTATE_180
PIL.Image.ROTATE_270

> PIL.Image.TRANSPOSE or PIL.Image.TRANSVERSE.

Reviewer: Keep these out of the code block since all of them are not a part of the generic syntax. Also, just below the syntax, we should use a format:

- `Image`: Describe this parameter
- `method`: Describe this parameter and say it has the following types:
  - `FLIP_LEFT_RIGHT`: Flips the image horizontally.
  - and so on
 
So this way you can cover the parameter descriptions.

```

## Example

```python

> Here’s an example of how to use the '.transpose()' method to flip an image:

Reviewer: Keep this outside the code block.

import PIL
from PIL import Image

# Read the image
im = Image.open("docs/content/pillow/concepts/image/bird-thumbnail.jpg")

# Flip image
out = im.transpose(PIL.Image.FLIP_LEFT_RIGHT)

> out.save("docs/content/pillow/concepts/image/output.png")

Reviewer: let us not save the image, rather use the `.show()` to show both the images, the original one and the flipped one:

```
import PIL
from PIL import Image

# Read the image
im = Image.open("bird-thumbnail.jpg")
im.show()

# Flip image
out = im.transpose(PIL.Image.FLIP_LEFT_RIGHT)
out.show()
```
